1.	State and explain Kohlrausch’s law of independent migration of ions.
2.	What is order of a reaction? How is it different from the molecularity of a reaction? Give one example each for first order and second order reactions
3.	How is ozone prepared? How does ozone react with?
4.	Explain the acidic nature of phenols and compare it with that of alcohols.
5.	Explain Werner‘s theory of coordination compounds with suitable examples.
6.	What are Schottky defects in crystalline solids?
7.	Calculate the mole fraction of sodium hydroxide in 10% ww NaOH solution
8.	How is change in Gibbs energy (DG) related to the emf (E) of a galvanic cell?
9.	What is the role of cryolite in the extraction of aluminium?
10.	What is catalysis? What are the types of catalysis? Give one example for each type.
11.	Write short notes on (a) Analgesics and (b) Food Preservatives
12.	Explain (a) Sandmeyer reaction and (b) Carbylamine reaction.
13.	What is PHBV? How is it useful to man?
14.	How do you distinguish between crystal lattice and unit cell?
15.	Explain the structures of (a) XeF4 and (b) XeOF4
16.	State Faraday’s First Law of Electrolysis.
17.	Define osmotic pressure.
18.	List out any two uses of Neon.
19.	What are analgesics? How are they classified?
20.	Name any four enzyme catalysed reactions
21.	State the Principles involved in writing the electronic configuration of atoms Explain them with examples and necessary diagram.
22.	2. Explain the classification of elements into S, P, d, f blocks present in the periodic table.
23.	Define hybridisation of atomic orbitals? Explain the Sp3 and Sp2 hybridisations with respect to ethane and ethylene molecules?
24.	Explain with example positional and functional isomerisms.
25.	What is allotrophy? Explain the Structure of anyone of the Crystalline forms of Carbon.
26.	Explain the stages with equations that are involved in the production of an hydrous magnesium chloride from carnallite.
27.	How Hydrogen peroxide renovates the old spoiled oil paintings Explain it with relevant reaction.
28.	Explain Boyle’s and Charle’s Laws based on the postulates of kinetic molecular theory of gases.
29.	Name two gases which are responsible for global warming
30.	What is hyperol? Give its formula.
31.	What is ammonal and give its use?
32.	Define RMS Velocity? If the RMS Velocity of CO2 gas is 4.4 x 104 Cm/Sec. At a given temperature, find the RMS Velocity of Ethane
33.	Write any four postulates of kinetic molecular theory of gases.
34.	Explain electrolytic method of preparation of hydrogen peroxide.
35.	Explain the structure of diborane on the basis of VBT
36.	Explain (a) position Isomerism and (b) functional group Isomerism with one example for each of them.
37.	Explain (a) Wurtz reaction and (b) Friedel- Craft’s alkylation with one example for each of them.
38.	What are Quantum Numbers? Explain the significance of the four quantum numbers associated with an electron.
39.	Define first and second ionisation potentials. Why the second ionisation potential of an element is always greater than it’s first ionisation potential?
40.	Explain any four factors that affect the ionisation potential of an element.
41.	Explain Boyle’s and Charle’s Laws based on the postulates of kinetic molecular theory of gases.
42.	State the Principles involved in writing the electronic configuration of atoms Explain them with example and necessary diagram.
43.	What are Quantum Numbers? Explain the significance of the four quantum numbers associated with an electron.
