As light from a star spreads out and weakens, do gaps form between the photons?
Can a fire have a shadow?
Can air make shadows?
Can gold be created from other elements?
Can light bend around corners?
Can momentum be hidden to human eyes like how kinetic energy can be hidden as heat?
Can one bit of light bounce off another bit of light?
Can radio antennas emit visible light?
Can sound waves generate heat?
Can the decay half-life of a radioactive material be changed?
Can you go fast enough to get enough mass to become a black hole?
Can you make a shock wave of light by breaking the light barrier just like supersonic airplanes break the sound barrier?
Can you make a sunset in a cup of milk?
Could electronic devices charge themselves without being plugged into an electricity source?
Could scientists perfectly simulate the entire universe in a computer, down to the last atom?
Do atoms ever actually touch each other?
Do flames contain plasma?
Does a source of electricity ever run out of electrons?
Does an atom have a color?
Does an electron in an atom move at all?
Does the negative mass of antimatter mean that it's gravitationally repelled from stars?
Does time go faster at the top of a building compared to the bottom?
How bad would a person's injuries be if an elevator's cables snapped at the 100th floor so that the elevator fell to the bottom?
How can a clear object be transparent and visible at the same time?
How can a material at a certain temperature have all of its molecules at the same energy?
How can an electron leap between atomic levels without passing through all the space in between?
How can it be so hard to drag rubber across smooth glass if friction is caused by surface roughness?
How can we travel to the past?
How did Archimedes use mirrors to burn up invaders' ships?
How do airplanes fly upside down if it's the shape of the wings that make them fly?
How do free energy machines work?
How do levers create energy if the conservation of energy does not allow energy to be created?
How do projectors project the color black?
How do scientists cool objects to absolute zero?
How do tractor beams work?
How do you focus regular light to make it a laser beam?
How do you make a one-photon-thick beam of light?
How does a microwave oven heat up food even though it emits no thermal radiation?
How does a penny left on the track derail a train?
How does a photon accelerate to light speed so quickly?
How does quantum theory allow a rock to turn suddenly into a duck?
How does sound going slower in water make it hard to talk to someone underwater?
How high does a building have to be for a penny dropped from the top to kill a person on the ground?
How is a magnetic field just an electric field with relativity applied?
How long can you use a cell phone before getting a brain tumor?
If I hammered and flattened a penny enough, could I cover the entire earth with it?
If I'm on an elevator that breaks loose and plummets down the shaft, can I avoid harm by jumping at the last second?
Is it possible to create magnetic waves?
Is light a particle or a wave?
Is metal a good heat shield?
Is the reason that nothing can go faster than light because we have not tried hard enough?
Is there any difference between antimatter, dark matter, dark energy, and degenerate matter?
Light has no mass so it also has no energy according to Einstein, but how can sunlight warm the earth without energy?
Since gravity is unlimited, can we use it as an infinite energy source?
What are some other ways to save energy in a car besides turning off the air conditioner and rolling down the windows?
What did Schrodinger's Cat experiment prove?
What is the shape of an electron?
What is the speed of dark?
What is the speed of electricity?
What is the speed of gravity?
What is the strongest magnetic field possible? Is there a limit?
What keeps a bicycle balanced?
What makes heat rise?
What makes radioactive atoms get old so quickly and decay?
What makes the light waves in laser light parallel?
What psychological effect makes notes on a piano that are an octave apart sound the same?
What stops a piece of paper from being folded more than seven times?
What would happen if you drove your car close to the speed of light and turned on the headlights?
When does a light beam have only a single frequency?
When I bump one end of a long metal bar, the other end instantaneously moves. Can I use this to send messages faster than light?
When I sit by a campfire, how does its hot air heat me?
When I step out of the shower, what makes the tile floor so much colder than the bathroom mat?
Why are all metals magnetic?
Why are sound waves invisible?
Why are the microwaves in a microwave oven tuned to water?
Why are there only six fundamental colors: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet?
Why can't flat lenses focus light?
Why do diamonds last forever?
Why do mirrors flip left to right and not up to down?
Why do quantum effects only happen on the atomic scale?
Why does a rainbow contain a pure spread of spectral colors?
Why does a rainbow exist only in a narrow band?
Why does air friction affect a car's gas mileage?
Why does lightning push electricity through air, but common batteries do not?
Why does my room get dark when I turn the lights off even if my window is shut?
Why does water make a shirt darker?
Why doesn't light carry momentum?
Why doesn't my laptop emit radiation?
Why don't atoms collapse if they are mostly empty space?
Why don't electrons in the atom enter the nucleus?
Why don't I feel the miles of air above me that are crushing me down?
Why don't scientists use fractal concepts more considering that fractals are everywhere?
Why is a 12-volt household battery harmless, but the shock from a 12-volt car battery will kill you?
Why is light pure energy?
Why is physics scale invariant?
Why is the centrifugal force talked about so much if it's not real?
Why is the lowest temperature called absolute zero if it's relative to the frame of reference?
Why is time frozen from light's perspective?
Why was color invented by humans?
Why were electrons chosen to be negatively charged? Wouldn't it make more sense to call electrons positively charged because when they move they make electricity?
Why will a delivery truck filled with birds sitting on its floor be heavier than a truck with the same birds flying around inside.